So at this point in time, tiny bit afraid
to ask but, I guess, what is this?
What is a DragonBoard 410c?
>> So the DragonBoard 410c is
an amazing piece of equipment, and
is basically a good development board
with a high powered SoC running on it.
And the SoC on the Dragonboard is that
chip right there, developed by Qualcomm,
and basically what the SoC stands for
is it's a system on chip, and
you can think of it as
an integrated circuit chip that has
all the components of
a computer on a single chip.
And right off the bat,
the most important thing about the SoC is
that it runs an operating system on it.
And so in our case for
the DragonBoard 410c,
we have either the Android operating
system or the Ubuntu operating system.
So this is an SoC.
Another big branch of embedded
systems are micro controllers, and
Randy will be explaining more about that.
>> Maybe you've heard
of a micro controller?
A big example would be Arduino.
So usually you have a host computer,
you write a program in it, and
you push it onto the Arduino and
the Arduino would run it.
So basically it just controls a function
or some kind of action of a system or
a device that's attached to it.
Usually it doesn't come with an OS.
So another embedded
system that we'd like to talk about
is SoM, which is a system on module.
So these tend to have an OS on it, but you
can't really program it like an Arduino.
You'd have to have a special development
kit to write your program and
to push it onto the board.
It's basically a bare-boned SoC without
any peripherals attached to it.
>> Gotcha.
>> And then,
so, we talk about embedded systems,
so what's an embedded system?
>> So embedded system,
it's basically an over-arching term.
And the SoC, the SoM,
and micro controller,
they're all branches
within an embedded system.
An embedded system is basically hardware
that has software added onto the hardware,
and it can stand alone and
carry out functions.
So that's basically what
an embedded system is.
And we'll be touching upon that
topic throughout our course,
so make sure you really understand
the concept of an embedded system here.
And we'll have more resources and we'll
explain more about what embedded systems
are in our documentation so
you can take a look at that.
And with that,
we'll see you in our next video.